Mr. Gu really doesn't think
I only let him have one drink and left
Hahaha
Don't tell me your secretary is really in good shape
Hahahahaha
Little brat fights with me
A little tender
Who?
How do you feel when you wake up?
Mr. Gu, how are you?
Mrs. Gu's business
Sorry.
My mother brought him to this
He has no resentment at all and is sorry
What's wrong with Mr. Gu?
I should be sorry no no no
It's not yours.
Oh, right.
The doctor said your injury will heal in two days
Ah, it's ointment.
Thanks.
Does it hurt?
Let's go then.
Ah!
How about I give you a ride?
No thanks, Mr. Gu
The car I called will be here soon
Immediately terminate the cooperation with the review